Now let's add the same test for the chest setup.
So just opening the sign up component, just as.
And just like we did here, I'm going to have a describe look for the interactions.
So here adding interactions describe look.
And adding the test.
By the way, I'm just going to copy the test.
Description.
So here it.
Enables the button when the password and password repeat fields have same value.
So this one is going to be async because the render functionality is async.
So let's let's do this part.
We will render the component.
Then we will get the password and password.
Repeat inputs.
I'm just copying those from the previous tests.
So this is the password input and let's get the password repeat.
Passwords repeat.
Now we are going to type values into these inputs and for this one we will use the library we installed
and that is user event and it's coming from the testing library user event.
So we will use this.
And we will.
Again, this is amazing user event.
This has the functions like like the clearing, the input clicking button or double click or we have
type here, so we will use this one.
We are going to type into password input and the value we are typing is password.
And let's repeat the same thing for password.
Repeat.
Now in this setup, we don't need to manually trigger UI updates like we do here in the default tests.
We were calling this fixture detect changes, but we don't need that one here.
All we will do is just get the button and we will create the button and we will check this time.
This button.
Either we can go with not to be disabled or to be enabled.
We already have the implementation.
So let's save this one and let's see the result.
So the test is passing.
So compared to the the karma and Jasmine set up the there are less steps in this test.
We just rendered the component and get the elements we are looking for.
Then we interact with it.
But the default test setup, we go more into details about the internals.
So that's the main difference.
And that's why this testing library is becoming more and more popular because it is easing the test
creation part.
So that's how the test is shaping up in the just version.